docs(web-modeler): document review governance feature (#5001)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.7/components/modeler/web-modeler/web-modeler-settings.md

---
id: web-modeler-settings
title: Web Modeler settings
description: You can configure email notifications and process application deployment policies in the Web Modeler settings.
---

import WebModelerSettings from './img/web-modeler-settings/web-modeler-settings.png'
import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

Navigate to the Web Modeler settings to configure email notifications and the process application deployment policy.
You can find the settings by clicking on your user icon in the top right corner of the Web Modeler and selecting **Settings**.

<img src={WebModelerSettings} alt="Web Modeler settings" />

## Email notifications

> Configure the projects for which you will receive email notifications when a collaborator mentions you in a comment.

Reviewer: How do you do this? Are there particular UI elements I should be looking for?

Author: There is a toggle per project. It's quite obvious if you navigate to the settings page. Does this require any changes?

Author: It's what is shown in this screenshot: 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ba3f1820-ffc1-4681-bd0e-71bab2a6711b)

Reviewer: Committing a suggestion 👍

## Process application deployment

> You can configure the deployment policy for process applications in the Web Modeler settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Organization admins can configure the deployment policy for process applications in the Web Modeler settings.
```
is this more accurate?

<Tabs groupId="deployment-permissions" defaultValue="saas" queryString values={
[
{label: 'SaaS', value: 'saas' },
{label: 'Self-Managed', value: 'self-managed' },
]}>

<TabItem value='saas'>

> By default, only organization administrators can deploy process applications to clusters marked as

Reviewer: Perhaps we should link to documentation on how to be granted admin permissions given we mention this a few times in this doc. Something like [here](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/console/manage-organization/manage-users/#:~:text=Roles%20and%20permissions%E2%80%8B&text=The%20admin%20role%20has%20the,to%20Console%2C%20except%20deletion%20privileges).

Author: I linked to the respective page as we are using the org admin role.

[production stages](/docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/process-application-pipeline.md#deployment-pipeline-stages) from Web Modeler.

> You can change this in the **Process application deployment** settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can change this in the **process application deployment** settings.
```
The capitalization here seems weird, but a tech writer can confirm

> You can change this in the **process application deployment** settings.

Reviewer: Where is this located? Trying to make this as beginner friendly as possible.

Author: 👍 I'll include the link to the settings page if that helps.

Reviewer: Committing a suggestion 👍

There, you can enable non-admin users with deployment permission to deploy process application versions to production stage clusters
after a collaborator has reviewed and approved the process application version using the
[process application review](/docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/process-application-pipeline.md#review) feature.
This setting can only be configured by organization admins and applies to all process applications in the organization.

</TabItem>

<TabItem value='self-managed'>

By default, only users with the **Web Modeler Admin** role can deploy process applications to
clusters marked as [production stages](/docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/process-application-pipeline.md#deployment-pipeline-stages) from Web Modeler.

> You can change this in the **Process application deployment** settings.

Reviewer: > **Process application deployment**

This is the second time we have mentioned this but with a different capitalization -- what is the exact UI reference for this and how would a user navigate to it?

> There, you can enable non-admin users with deployment permission to deploy process application versions to production stage clusters

Reviewer: How do you enable this?

Author: It's a toggle. How should I update the text to reflect this?

after a collaborator has reviewed and approved the process application version using the
[process application review](/docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/process-application-pipeline.md#review) feature.
This setting can only be configured by users with the **Web Modeler Admin** role and applies to all process applications.

If the **Web Modeler Admin** role is not pre-existing, it can be created with the following permissions:

- Web Modeler Internal API - `write:*`
- Web Modeler Internal API - `admin:*`
- Web Modeler Internal API - `admin:*`
- Camunda Identity Resource Server - `read:users`

> Refer to the documentation pages about [assigning roles](../../../self-managed/identity/user-guide/roles/add-assign-role.md) and [adding permissions](../../../self-managed/identity/user-guide/roles/add-assign-permission.md) for detailed instructions.

Reviewer: Ah I see you have included this link here, but I would perhaps mention this earlier on.

Author: I couldn't really find a better place to put this, so I would keep it here for now.
